this video is made possible by the
following cuties you can check out the
gear they provide to me in the
description below
hey guys doing here and welcome back to
another video they might have guessed my
other trendy accessory here today we're
gonna be delving back into the world of
virtual reality but more importantly
it's gonna be my first time driving AMS
2 in VR so I mean everything about this
came to me recently and I had sort of
mixed opinions on it whilst I think it
looks very nice and sounds very nice I
felt that the driving model wasn't quite
there with AMS 1 and in that video I
made a lot of comparisons with project
cars 2 because that's where the graphic
engine of this game is from so I thought
though still focusing on that potential
negative out there that's actually focus
on the positive one which was that
project cars 2 was probably my favorite
sim to play with virtual reality but you
you felt so damn immersed you felt like
you were there which says a lot when you
live in a rat-infested shed so in
typical me fashion I suppose what we're
going to do is jump into an f1 car
because f1 cars are just fun to drive
all the time and I'm gonna be really
testing out the capabilities of this VR
here by doing a 10 that race a historic
Montreal in a thunderstorm
well he'll be all in on the grid
starting in the back because that's
wrong as qualify anyway but their droves
up up my god for colliding as the race
is underway and there it goes a bit
distracted they'll add the world's worst
star for the day I seem to not we do
much better the sea of scary red the
lights quite intimidating actually our
dem Awards t1 for the first time is
trying it is I know I know there's a big
puddle here sorry sorry my guy don't
worry about that and you just having a
little hop and that's what happens when
you touch the puddle the car immediately
spins please ignore my terrible start
luckily for me damages off so I can get
away of having a pup or two we'll try
and redeem ourselves am i driving okay
and just forgetting from the first
corner but already you're seeing just
how much or how little I should say grip
there is just plow in the front tires
there from the corner hate these puddles
these tunnels to space with me in the
car has we just had go play on them
which is a bit scary when you men to be
trying to go quick and these cars of
course feed off downforce so that these
speeds we have none of it so we're both
adjust big foundering go cars at this
point
there you go and now on for the gears
[Music]
I'm 250 get to the bridge and slow it
down so now second gear try and hug this
inside curves I've become really them
from this corner
[Music]
it's a bit sliding now coming down with
a hand they always have a little bit of
a a traffic jam down here so we'll see
if we can make up any places on that the
cheating a ice trap say I still look
perfect in this game by any means but
still a lot of fun to race it but now
we're coming up to probably one of the
manliest bits of circuit in this era of
f1 this is his story at Montreal score
so flat for this section
I've been disappeared a little bit will
lift through the slippery start touching
the top now over the draft I can't see
you whether logic eight is because the
guy's first two tails in front
Papa Micah
that is the real stuff right there this
terrifies again for that sin trap this
blind I'm just following the light in
front of me and this gives you an
appreciation for just how crazy it is to
race in the wet in f1 cars of the
supreme lock of disability it's glorious
I love it in terms of hands I think
people are gonna ask your handles ok you
know sir it's still not pretty much a
checker well there aren't really any
game to do wet racing fantastically well
but this is pretty damn decent specially
the puddles at the side of the circuit
you grab one of those gear cars but this
continues in the way you were going
there's not nothing you can do to
control it you can just about make up a
pedal of the panel's paddles paddles my
god [__] words are hard you just don't
make up the puddles on the slippery
surface but
really is an avoidable costs safe Oh
looking up easy easy easy they'll have
to take to the grass no across the grass
sir
this is far
from Leeds ago in 2013 so made up seven
places we started 20th hopefully we can
get our [__] together I start making up
some more positions but my god this is
damn cool and again we're coming with my
favorite section now
I'm never not going to enjoy this in the
work we have we are quite close to the
cars in front so we should be able to
[Music]
be a bit quicker taste of gear oh god
this is a big puddle there on the right
you touch that you having a bad time but
their sense of speed into that section
is absolutely insane
there's a puddle they're sliding the way
out tip my mirrors there's no one there
luckily we're falling into a bit of art
no man's ideas you have to start picking
up the pace if I want to I can you
friends just absolutely shocked into t1
their sideways and trying to avoid these
massive puddles right on the inside
they're kind of forcing you to take a
traditional wedding line that she can
definitely be a prospective for that
besides talk I'm gonna go grab it
we're gonna veil it luckily there's no
habit of there to give us a penalty it's
a supremely immersive experience I
always think why don't I do more VR
videos I think it's like itll sweating
horrible when I do it but
the census theme is
bullets ray in the water and the Armco
levering is just absolutely unmatched
you don't get that outside of the earth
like what I say everything's running
fairly well as well we're running I
think a good 60 frames a second on high
settings it stinks and this was a gear
there somewhere Jimmy mind it oh oh oh
they all do did Mike ever catch these
guys in front now
[Music]
can't quite get out the heavens click
Azalea mechanical happens
gotta be missing sister
sic apparently
Camello of death
[Music]
but nicer my guess yes I think trying to
avoid the panel
gotta be cool and terrifying
[Music]
easy to hit him it easy we're starting
to catch a lot of guys in front now of
course there are different engines in
this era v10 v12 and the Karl I'm in the
VA I can't fancy going with the the road
less traveled for once I'm always
driving the be tense the v12 I come and
then give the v8 much laughs I bought
but doing this time I've settled it
again again I've got me care more
careful going into there
let's break into lane turning into the
car saying nope I might have to steer
out of it otherwise it's a spin but when
it start to catch these go through front
now I'm just blown away by these these
are rooster tails coming off the back of
the car then Frank see so much so that
I'm is making the same mistake over and
over again what do we have the best
dispenser and therefore that's that he
not for weed everyone colors were still
in P 13 though let's send a bit more
trying to lock up on the way in I get
most I think I do prefer the handling of
a mess one still when a personal level
this is still a lot of fun I really
enjoying this
Oh God touch the wall again damage is
off always that have been hit to me but
what I described
[Music]
we wrap the sectional inside there
I'm those brave as I threw that
under the 65 mile an hour break into t1
scrubbing that all off and trying to
avoid that puddle on the inside so I end
up mr. rifting and the t1 the works we
actually this guy's actually using a
puddle one wouldn't recommend it which
it slows them down and something it's a
lot darker
can you imagine what this would be like
in real life can you even begin to
imagine how terrifying a CBS you know
what the f1 drivers will give a [__] I
never do I'm really bad for that section
Oh God
just taken up
the syllabus a bundle being so light on
the break any any big touch after the
downfall starts to come off of her
Karlis locks
my mirror there's no one there
so they've broken away from the Pat
behind us
[Music]
some house I love about VR is the act of
checking the mirror my Jimmy do you plan
on making that corner at any point in
this race
[Music]
probably know
well there it is try almost ripped it on
the way in
[Music]
a bit more aggressive on the throttle
this time and just about keep here in
the straight line
[Music]
wrong gear put in a second there kasha
blown up for sure word in
[Music]
what with so much time that do music I'm
so bad this gearbox
show you all cringing as you should be
that's very cringe bro not cool
how I'm now easy
softly softly let's try and do a lap
when we stay on the circuit shall we
I'll be incredibly rare
[Music]
understate on the ball there Lamar why
did the card is Klaus
it's the inside
caris is drifting into hell every corner
was it how you drive a car in the web
a little bit a slide a little bit like
let's make this corner look at that
making every corner in the circuit like
an actual driver what time line is this
[Music]
like get a bit closer I'm gonna pick up
a draft face full of spray of course
keep it a sec I don't want you thirsty
hello that's so slow there happen
but they just have supreme traction plus
a v12
[Music]
oh it's fast
for I'll locked up on the way in
[Music]
how many times have I nearly died
so far on the trace hey Michaela but
made up a place I'm just really enjoying
the experience of trying to chase down
this guy
[Music]
Nannan [__] ever
and I can't do that listen to me out of
this
put the car out there to the end of the
curb I can't quite get that sort of
traction or grip out there but the
Lightning falling down from the sky is
just this is awesome it's a it's awesome
man come on
come on now set the mirror don't see
anyone
[Music]
what's good take a look in there every
now and then make sure there's no one
there
my cousin we have beta mom
car v8 so the b12 you on a pansy proper
so fast
my first gear Oh contact again come on
make it work
I'll get [__]
[Music]
see you later mate
Oh hit the worgen your plan
just ah see where I'm gonna now where is
he
[Music]
just shocking it for the weapons now
170 mile-an-hour for braking ability one
we're getting quicker let's see if we
could take any more positions
oh no what an apple I put a temp that
race stuff will be having a bit more fun
and living off the race but I'm tired
this is a lot of work mentally
[Music]
and physically - if I see mr. n dry of
oil
because fighting all over the shop I'm
just about catching it there you go in
you go that looks a lot more dramatic
without ears will speak to the car say
some more straight
[Music]
oh I miss that one Oh perfect
to slider in slide slide joke I'll cook
[Music]
we're fly one of my best after one of my
worse
full of a I fall off when you overtake
them because I can't see you in my
mirror anymore
well I know used to say this behind me
so does I just caught few of them
tell why he's asking that that's
struggle almost 50 years why not
[Music]
be brave be brave be brave be brave
can barely see the corner when I'm
turning I'm just guessing where I'm
going there
[Music]
again a lot of time manatee what loaders
shuck the cutter and scrub bowties over
the surface come on make it work make it
work and not quite not quite
[Music]
hey friend oh that's the last toast you
didn't get about getting taken to prison
[Music]
Oh shhh
oh I'm getting the big spook from this
car at the moment they ship it you are
now the cars already responding to it
come on relax simmer check the mirror
out for good
[Music]
oh he's done it again there's to be my
worst lap so far
[Music]
easy now
we'll try first gear down as instead
help turn better you seem to get a
better launch in first gear despite the
obvious traction issues
[Music]
yeah I sense but it
so laminator 50 here we go it's not
quite flat
[Music]
oh my god
keep it
[Music]
mild terrify I'll look at the pacer the
slide on the back of the star in front
again oh he's so slow for the first
corner come on give it a space
it always happen in with his face
Oh No
I have committed a murder that man is
not gonna be in rush hour free the thing
is there where I I'm a I pray to you
like it was either going to the back of
him or chucking up the inside hopeless
no contact I went for the latter I
killed him anyway that's definitely a
murder I have to be 11 though nearly top
10 this evening good top 10 who have
less murders hopefully
[Music]
how long ago do you beef I see
it's backing it in now Tron avoid that
big puddle and inside there stick a bit
lighter though the rains stopping
[Music]
I'll be brave be brave be brave be brave
t-brain
[Music]
two brave
trying to commit the self murder here oh
that was the last lap I was just getting
into it oh man that was fun though
that's 17 minutes of race in there in VR
in AMS too and whilst I think the wit
handling isn't quite a hundred percent
accurate because I think that's really
hard to do
. the VI experience of that outstanding
I really enjoyed them I'm glad I gave
this a go I must have that must say I
had a bit of a bad first impression of a
mess so I'm glad that I popped on the VR
headset because for me this sort of
stuff you know sim racing is immersion
so to immerse yourself so fully with all
those that spray coming up and then
having to battle the car and then the
feeling of almost a little bit of a
feeling in your gut when you approach
the war bit too quickly it's pretty
amazing
I'd recommend go try this out for sure
yeah guys that was AMS - in VR and it
was an absolute blast so if you guys
enjoy watching that video I found it
informative and anywhere and appreciate
a like and you can feel free to
subscribers to subscribe to even and if
you want hit that Bell notification icon
because sometimes the videos don't end
up in the right place because YouTube's
a bit selective like that but a big
thank you to our patrons and sponsors
take care have an awesome day I'll see
you all next time
[Music]